one of the most if felt important decisions based daily as a leader. As
a naval officer, number one is knowing the status of my plan Officer.
As the chief engineer, you had to know you were responsible for
our like War of the ship goes forward at the power before I was responsible.
Stem to start feels the main mast. Frankly, so knowing status
alot of your appointment. Because frankly, as in a lawsuit, has to
ship this way, you know, everything is not going to be 100%. Hold
on, Karen. You are brand new commission ship that there's gonna be parts
that are gonna be broken down. And how is that going to affect
you? Wore ability to carry out the ship's mission. You have to think
about that every day. Do I have the right technology? Right, Parks
the right pieces, right, people to carry out the mission